Fixed link and enhanced intro (#612)
reddit/baseplate.go: README.md

# baseplate.go

> This go project is an adoption from its' Python counterpart called [baseplate.py][baseplate.py]. An introduction, how to test and how to contribute can be found there.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This go project is an adaptation from its Python counterpart called [baseplate.py][baseplate.py]. An introduction, how to test and how to contribute can be found there.
```
